SOURCE: https://evisa.gov.ph/page/policy?l2=Free+to+enter+the+Philippines+without+Visa
FETCHED: 2026-07-24 (live HTML from evisa.gov.ph — skim-confirm in your browser before saving in admin)
SECTION: Free to enter the Philippines without Visa

Free to enter the Philippines without Visa

As governed by Executive Order No. 408 and the subsequent executive issuances amending it, the Department of Foreign Affairs maintains a list of eligible countries whose nationals may avail of visa-free entry to the Philippines provided that they are holders of passports valid for at least six (6) months beyond the contemplated period of stay. They must also possess return tickets to their country of origin or outward-bound tickets to their next country of destination.

Nationals from the following countries are allowed to enter the Philippines without a visa for an initial stay of thirty (30) days:

Andorra
Angola
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Bahrain
Barbados
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bhutan
Bolivia
Botswana
Brazil*
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Costa Rica
Cote d'Ivoire
Croatia
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Democratic Republic of the Congo
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Fiji
Finland
France
Gabon
Gambia
Germany
Ghana
Greece
Grenada
Guatemala
Guinea
Guinea Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Honduras
Hungary
Iceland
Indonesia
Ireland
Israel*
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Lao People's Democratic Republic
Latvia
Lesotho
Liberia
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mexico
Micronesia
Monaco
Mongolia
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nepal
Netherlands
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Norway
Oman
Palau
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Republic of Korea
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Seychelles
Singapore
Slovak Republic
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
South Africa
Spain
Suriname
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Tajikistan
Thailand
Togo
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Tuvalu
Uganda
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland
United Republic of Tanzania
United States of America
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican
Venezuela
Vietnam
Zambia
Zimbabwe

Countries that are allowed to enter the Philippines visa-free for a stay of fifty-nine (59) days based on existing agreements.
1. Brazil
2. Israel

Visa Policy for Indian Nationals
In pursuit of its objective of enhancing tourism arrivals from India, the Philippine Government announces the following visa policies applicable to Indian nationals starting 08 June 2025:
- Indian nationals may enter the Philippines without a visa for a non-extendible and non-convertible period of 14 days for tourism and business purposes, upon presenting a passport valid for at least six (6) months beyond the contemplated stay, confirmed hotel accommodation / booking, proof of financial capacity, and return or onward ticket to the next country of destination.
- Indian nationals holding valid and current American, Japanese, Australian, Canadian, Schengen, Singapore or United Kingdom (AJACSSUK) visas or residence permits may enter the Philippines without a visa for a non-extendible period of 30 days for tourism, upon presenting a passport valid for at least six (6) months beyond the contemplated stay, and return or onward ticket to the next country of destination.
These updated visa-free privileges for Indian nationals may be availed of at any Philippine port of entry, and are not convertible to a visa-based stay or other admission status categories. Indian nationals must also not have any derogatory record with the Bureau of Immigration (BI) in order to be admitted into the country without a visa.
Indian nationals transiting in the Philippines or entering the country for long-term visits and non-tourism activities are required to apply for an appropriate Philippine visa at a Philippine Embassy or Consulate in their country or origin, place of legal residence, or any country that requires entry visas for Indian nationals.

Visa Policy for Chinese Nationals
Visa-Free Entry for Chinese Nationals
Effective 16 January 2026
The Government of the Philippines announces that Chinese nationals may enter the Philippines without a visa for a non-extendible and non-convertible period of 14 days for tourism and business purposes, subject to the following conditions:
1. Presentation of a passport valid for at least six (6) months beyond the intended stay;
2. Confirmed hotel accommodation or booking; and
3. A return or onward ticket to the next country of destination.
Entry under this visa-free privilege shall be allowed only through the following designated ports of entry:
- Ninoy Aquino International Airport, Metro Manila
- Mactan-Cebu International Airport, Cebu
Chinese nationals transiting through the Philippines en route to a third country are required to obtain a Philippine transit visa prior to entry.
All Chinese nationals availing of the visa-free privilege must have no derogatory records with the Bureau of Immigration.
Under FSC No. 112-11, the following may enter the Philippines without a visa for an initial stay not exceeding seven (7) days provided that they possess a return or onward ticket:
1) Holders of Hong Kong British passports; and
2) Mainland Chinese for tourism with a valid or unexpired Australian, Japanese, Canadian, Schengen or US visa.
The 7-day visa-free entry may be extended by an additional fourteen (14) days to complete a maximum twenty-one (21) days.
Hong Kong SAR passport holders may enter the Philippines visa-free for an initial stay of fourteen (14) days.
Under FSC No. 122-11, Macau SAR passport holders may enter the Philippines without a visa for an initial stay of fourteen (14) days, provided, that they possess a return or onward ticket.
Under Operations Order No. SBM-2015-018, MECO ETA holders may enter the Philippines visa-free for an initial stay of thirty (30) days.

PORTAL NOTES ALSO ON PAGE (context):
Please be advised that the e-Visa is not a guarantee that the holder will be automatically admitted to the country. The admission of foreign nationals into the Philippines is a function of the immigration authorities at the port of entry.
Furthermore, please be advised that issued Philippine e-Visas are not valid for conversion to other types of Philippine visas, and are not valid for extension of the authorized period of stay.
